in both cryptology and in high performance computing research there are
never enough good people and sometimes you have to fill billets with
people who are not competent to do the work we all know people who
got into cryptology who later turned out to have week moral fiber
and have caused him measurable harm to the United States in high performance
computing in the computing in general we all know people have
gone to school and gotten degrees and compare science it cannot program
their way out of a paper bag so I think you need to be more people
trying to get into both fields both fields are have open opportunities
all the time so I think there are far too few people trying
to get it all feels